README.md, before:

#  Elve File Manager - NOT YET FULLY WORKING
This is just vibe coded file manager app that i made for my Linux DE <br>
It has option to view compressed files without opening other file compression apps, <br>
And extract in same folder or specified folder. <br>
It has special breadcrumps you can click on to move trough folders, or double click to enter address, <br>
It has option to color tag files or folders, open as root anything <br>

**Missing / to be fixed:**
<pre>
- Opening large archives
- Selecting multiple files visually
- Visual movement of files improvements
- Context menus for sidebar locations
- More file properties (icon change, more info)
- Bottom information bar with file size, owner, permssions, date created, date modifed
- "Open with" not working
- Improve search, firstly search just current folder, then deep search
- Maybe switch to Rust for more performanse or create custom node module
- Add split view
- Add better details view
- File sorting not working
- Add to places button missing
- Add some progress and loading information bars?
- Add tabs support
- Add edit text in context menu to edit text file while inside file manager
- Generate thumbnails for images and videos, pdfs, change icon of empty folder
- Add share via button in context for files
- Hide icon size slide (open via button by hover)
- Make icons fixed in size, clip large icon texts that show only on hover over icon
</pre>
<img width="1663" height="884" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b44bff10-34e8-4ce7-86cd-4ed537b38b6e" />

Commit message:

Update README with comparison and missing features
Added comparison with Gnome Nautilus and noted missing features.

README.md, after:

#  Elve File Manager - NOT YET FULLY WORKING
This is just vibe coded file manager app that i made for my Linux DE <br>
It has option to view compressed files without opening other file compression apps, <br>
And extract in same folder or specified folder. <br>
It has special breadcrumps you can click on to move trough folders, or double click to enter address, <br>
It has option to color tag files or folders, open as root anything <br> 
Gnome Nautilus lacks so much, that this already seems better, even if it's not fully working

**Missing / to be fixed:**
<pre>
- Opening large archives
- Selecting multiple files visually
- Visual movement of files improvements
- Context menus for sidebar locations
- More file properties (icon change, more info)
- Bottom information bar with file size, owner, permssions, date created, date modifed
- "Open with" not working
- Improve search, firstly search just current folder, then deep search
- Maybe switch to Rust for more performanse or create custom node module
- Add split view
- Add better details view
- File sorting not working
- Add to places button missing
- Add some progress and loading information bars?
- Add tabs support
- Add edit text in context menu to edit text file while inside file manager
- Generate thumbnails for images and videos, pdfs, change icon of empty folder
- Add share via button in context for files
- Hide icon size slide (open via button by hover)
- Make icons fixed in size, clip large icon texts that show only on hover over icon
</pre>
<img width="1663" height="884" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b44bff10-34e8-4ce7-86cd-4ed537b38b6e" />
